I am in an empty project again, using bootstraps so again using this CDN here in the index.html file
and here I want to mainly introduce two new features components have. Imagine the following case,
let's create a new component in this folder, in this project so I'll create a new components folder first
of all and then the component I want to create will be called quote
and that is just an example, pick any name you want.
Now in this quote component, I want to use that inside of this column here
so all I want to have here is of course such a typical single template file here,
so with my template and my script and some styles because I'll use some styles and in the template, I
want to have a wrapping div and inside of the div, I want to have a quote.
So let's have a wonderful quote here and maybe wrap that in a paragraph, that's even better.
So this is a basic setup,
now I want to give this some styling so I want to scope the styles to the template here so that it only
applies here
and then this div shall get a border of one pixel solid and then some light gray border,
this one here and I want to give it some box-shadow where I basically give it a box shadow of one
pixel, one pixel,
let's say two pixels and black, let's see how that looks and a padding of thirty pixels
and finally, I also want to set the margin to auto to center this.
Now with this styling scoped to this quote here, I can now of course use it, so I'll again register it locally
here,
I could register it globally but I don't want to, I'll name it app
quote and add my quote here.
Now for that to work, of course I need to import quote first so import quote from components and then the
quote.vue file and with this, I can here use app quote like that.
Now if I save this, this is how it is how it looks like, almost how I want it to have,
let's also add a top and bottom margin of thrity pixels to that and only have the left and right
set to auto to center it and I want to set the text alignment to center,
I forgot that.
So with that, I got a wonderful quote,
well while not super wonderful but it's okay.
Now the thing is I want to dynamically set this content from outside,
so from the parent component. I could do this with
props, I could pass props to that quote and therefore pass the text
this quote would have.
So let's simulate these with props first.